Alright, so what we want to do now is we
want to make the player movable. So let's
go to the docs to learn about this. We're
going to ask. We're going to search
for how uh to check
if the user or
user is
pressing a button on the keyboard.
So input makes sense. Let's click on
that. If we Scroll down, let's look
for something.
Ah Here we go, keyboard. Um
Let's see here.
Right here, this will return true of
being pressed so we can
see if the keyboard is checking
something. So let's see.
if we can figure out what those things
are for like the arrow keys. So let's log
the keyboard.
And then let's go over to the console and
click run. Let's press buttons.
All right. So now we have
arrow up, arrow right,
arrow down, and arrow left. So we can use
that in those if statements for moving
the player around.
So
We're going to set the ani default to be
idle, so the
player's not moving. Now,
if
keyboard.includes
arrow up,
then ani=walk
and py-=speed.
Uh We're going to add speed. Up here,
const speed equals, uh,
let's do six. Six sounds like a good
number. Okay. Now, else
if
keyboard.includes
arrow down this time,
ani equals walk again,
and then py plus equals speed.
Then we're going to go else if
keyboard.includes
arrow left,
ani equals walk,
px minus equals
speed, and
then else if
keyboard.includes
arrow arrow
right,
uh and then ani=walk,
px+=speed, like that.
Alright, now when we click run, we
can move the player around and the
animations match the player movement.